Extend Docs for Admin View Debug Command (#793)
sulu-io/sulu-docs: book/extend-admin.rst

``configureViews`` method. This has been implemented like this to allow other bundles to further manipulate views that
have already been added by bundles registered previously.

The debug command can be used to check whether your view has been created correctly. ``sulu:admin:debug-view``

.. code-block:: bash

    $ bin/adminconsole sulu:admin:debug-view | grep event
      app.events_list     sulu_admin.list   /events

> After that, an empty list should appear on ﻿``/admin/#/events``. Once you add data to the `﻿event` table, the list will populate with the new information:

Reviewer: `debug-views`?

> After that an empty list should appear on ``/admin/#/events``. But if you add some data to the ``event`` table it
> should be listed:
> 
> A debug command can be used to check whether your view has been created correctly. ``sulu:debug:admin:view``
> 
> .. code-block:: bash
> 
>     $ bin/adminconsole sulu:debug:admin:view | grep event
>       app.events_list     sulu_admin.list   /events
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The debug command can be used to check whether your view has been created correctly. ``sulu:admin:debug-view``

.. code-block:: bash

    $ bin/adminconsole sulu:admin:debug-view | grep event
      app.events_list     sulu_admin.list   /events

After that, an empty list should appear on ﻿``/admin/#/events``. Once you add data to the `﻿event` table, the list will populate with the new information:

```

The command name will be changed here https://github.com/sulu/sulu/pull/7383
